[ Upbeat music plays ]
>> Am i invited?
>> Gumball: Am i invited?
>> Darwin: Am i invited?
>> Guys! Guys!
Let me cut to the chase here,
all right?
You're all invited.
>> All: Yay!
A high-school party, and we're
all invited!
>> None of you are invited!!
>> Oh, hi, Rachel.
>> My party is for young adults,
not old babies!
>> Tch, tch, tch.
Rachel, Rachel, Rachel.
Wouldn't it be a shame if mom
and dad found out about your
secret party?
>> All: Tch, tch, tch.
Rachel, Rachel, Rachel.
>> Fine. You can come.
But you all have to bring...
A date!
>> All: A date?
>> Uh-huh.
Good luck.
>> All: Aaaaaaaaaah!
>> Darwin: What's a date?
Hey! What's a date?
>> Hmm.
A secret house party, eh?
Hmm.
I'd better tell principal brown.
>> Gumball: All right, buddy,
let's make a list of possible
dates.
>> Darwin: What's a date?
>> Date. D-a-t-e.
Social activity undertaken by
two people to assess their
suitability for a relationship.
[ Whir ]
It is also a fruit that makes
you poop.
>> Gumball: Yeah...
Thanks?
>> Darwin: Hey, what about
penny?
>> Gumball: Uh, penny?
Oh, no, no, no.
I just like her as a friend.
>> Darwin: Why are your eyes
shaped like hearts?
>> Gumball: Allergies.
>> Darwin: Oh.
Well, what about Carrie?
>> Gumball: Carrie.
She's got spirit.
[ Plunk! ]
I'll put her in the "maybes."
Next.
Teri.
Nicely drawn features but a
little flat.
I'll put her in the "possiblys."
Hmmm.
Carmen -- prickly but smart.
Interesting.
Um...
Saucy.
>> [ Chomping ]
>> Gumball: No.
[ Plop! ]
>> Darwin: What's that?
>> Gumball: "Would you be the
jelly in my peanut butter
sandwich?"
Hmm.
[ Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! ]
>> What do you say, gumball?
>> Gumball: Eh, no, thanks.
I already ate.
All right, buddy, it's date
time!
Hey, masami!
Want to be my date?
You're not really my type 'cause
i usually like attractive girls,
but, hey, beggars can't be
choosers!
[ Rumble! ]
You are a girl, right?
What?
[ Zap! ]
[ Coughing ]
How about you, Teri?
You look desperate.
>> [ Gasps ]
[ Riffle! ]
>> Gumball: Was that a slap?
>> Yes.
>> Gumball: Uh...Ouch?
Oh!
Hey, saucy, it's your lucky day.
You're my date for the party.
What do you say?
>> Phew.
>> Gumball: [ Gasps deeply ]
>> [ Laughs ]
Date fail!
Come on, prickles, let's roll!
>> Gumball: Ohhhh!
>> Dad: Oh, cheer up, gumball.
When i was your age, i needed a
date for a party, and what i
said to her was...
[ Mumbling ]
And 20 years later, we're still
married.
>> Gumball: Oh, dad, you make it
sound so easy.
>> Anais: Are you sure you've
asked every girl in class?
>> Darwin: You didn't ask penny.
>> Gumball: Penny?
She's too hot.
Not -- not hot.
Nhot...My type.
Not my type.
[ Laughs nervously ]
>> Anais: Well, if it's not
penny, there's still one girl
you haven't asked.
>> Gumball: Really? Who?
Oh -- her.
[ Rattle! ]
[ Ringing ]
[ Beep ]
Hi, this is gumball watterson
calling.
Will you be my date for the
party?
Uh, no, you weren't exactly the
first girl i asked, but...
No! No, no, no! don't hang up!
Please, i can beg.
Yes, I'm on my knees.
Hey, I'm not saying that!
No! No, no, no!
Please, don't hang up!
[ Sighs ]
Fine.
I, gumball watterson, have a
stupid face stuck on a big,
stupid head with a tiny, stupid
brain, and stupid is my favorite
color.
[ All chuckle ]
[ Gasps ] You will?!
Oh, thank you, thank you, thank
you so much!
I'll pick you up at 8:00.
[ Beep ]
>> Darwin: Oof!
>> Gumball: Yes!
See, Darwin?
No girl can resist me.
>> Dad: I'm so proud of you.
My baby boy's becoming a man!
>> Gumball: Uh, yeah.
Keep it together, dad.
>> Dad: It seems like only
yesterday we were watching
"Daisy the donkey" together.
>> Gumball: Dad, that was
yesterday.
>> Dad: Well, it feels like a
long time ago.
And look at you now!
Dating a girl!
[ Doorbell rings ]
[ Thump! Thump! Thump! ]
>> Hey.
>> Darwin: Hello.
>> Gumball: Hi, penny.
>> Yeah. Hi, gumball.
>> Gumball: So...Uh, i didn't
realize you were coming with
Hector.
>> I didn't realize you like
lizard breath.
>> [ Growls ]
[ Sniffs ]
[ Groans ]
>> Darwin: I feel awkward.
>> Ah. More guests have arrived.
Shall we make our move?
>> Patience, Nigel.
Let's wait until it's in full
swing.
>> [ Gasps ]
Ugh.
Tobias!
More of your dweeb, loser, baby
friends have arrived.
>> [ Panting ]
[ Screech! ]
Guys! Guys!
This party is totally off the
hook!
[ Mid-tempo music plays ]
>> [ Singing ]
>> Anyone for more tea?
>> don't mind if i do.
>> Whoo-hoo!
This is such fun!
>> [ Chomping ]
>> Gumball: This is a
high-school party?
>> Darwin: I know.
It's awesome!
Whooooooooo!
>> Want to dance?
>> Gumball: Uh, you go ahead.
I'll join you later.
>> Whoo!
>> Darwin: [ Laughs ]
>> I'm having the time of my
life!
[ Doorbell rings ]
[ Crash! ]
[ All gasp ]
>> This party is busted!
Busted wide open!
>> Busted.
>> Now for some real music!
[ Click ]
[ Dance music plays ]
Aaaah!
>> Aaaah!
>> Rock on!
[ All cheering ]
>> Hey, look!
I'm gonna throw the TV out of
the window!
>> Please -- allow me.
[ Glass shatters ]
>> No! Not the TV!
>> Yaaaaah!
[ Whooping ]
>> That's my girl!
Whoo-hoo!
>> Hey, dude, I'm trying to
sleep here!
>> Sorry.
>> [ Sobbing ]
>> Darwin: Hello!
Hey, why are you crying?
>> Because this is the worst
party ever!
I invited everybody, and none of
my friends turned out!
>> Darwin: Well, we all came,
and we're your friends.
>> You guys aren't my friends.
You just trashed my parents'
house!
[ Glass shatters ]
>> [ Laughs ]
>> Darwin: don't worry.
I'll tidy it up.
>> Yeah, sure.
You're gonna tidy all this up?
>> Darwin: Of course!
don't you know I'm part sucker
fish?
[ Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! ]
>> Thanks.
[ Sniffles ]
What's your name?
>> Darwin: Darwin raglan caspian
ahab Poseidon nicodemus
watterson III.
>> [ Giggles ]
You don't seem so bad for a kid.
[ Slow music plays ]
>> [ Snoring ]
>> [ Chomping ]
>> [ Laughs ]
I'm doing the mashed potato!
>> [ Gasps ]
Thirsty!
>> Hey.
How's your date?
>> Gumball: Great.
How's yours?
>> Hector's not really my type.
Gumball, do you remember that
paper plane?
>> Gumball: Um...
Oh, yeah.
"Will you be the jelly in my
peanut butter sandwich"?
I wasn't really hungry.
>> [ Laughs ]
No, silly.
I was the peanut butter.
>> Gumball: What?!
Oh.
I was supposed to be the jelly,
wasn't i?
>> You seriously didn't
understand?
>> Gumball: Uh...No.
>> Hey, Tina, can i have the
next dance?
>> You can have this one.
>> Gumball: [ Gasps ]
[ Guuuuuuuust! ]
[ Plunk! ]
[ Ptoo! ]
[ Ting! ]
>> Darwin: Finished!
>> Darwin!
You're the best kid ever!
How come you don't have a
girlfriend?
>> Darwin: What do i need a
girlfriend for?
>> This.
Mwah!
[ Honk! ]
>> Darwin: Everything is so
clear now.
[ Thud! ]
>> Is he gonna be all right?
>> Gumball: Yeah, yeah, he'll be
fine.
Uh, penny?
>> Yes?
>> Gumball: Um...I was thinking
about the, you know, next party.
Maybe you could be the sandwich
in my, uh,
peanut-jelly-butter...
You know what i mean.
>> Yeah. I'd love to.
[ Car horn blaring ]
[ Horn honks ]
>> I think your dad's here.
>> Gumball: Oh, well.
Time to go.
I guess.
Come on, buddy.
Thanks for the party!
I love you, penny!
What did i say that for?!
>> Is that really the best we
can do?
>> I think he's awesome.
[ Car door closes ]
>> Dad: I like the new one
better.
>> Gumball: Who? What? Penny?
Oh, no, i-i don't love her.
I-i mean, love her.
I-i mean, like her.
Can we go home, please?
>> Dad: And how was the party
for you, Darwin?
>> Darwin: I don't know how to
exactly put it into words,
but...
[ Inhales ]
[ Yodeling ]
[ Trilling ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
>> See?
Didn't i tell you we could trust
Rachel and Tobias while we were
away?
>> Heh.
Wait till we see the phone bill.
[ Door creaks ]
>> [ Gasps ]
[ Birds chirping ]
>> Gumball: Look, Darwin.
We waited more than seven months
for this.
>> Darwin: I know!
We waited so long, i had time to
grow hair.
>> Gumball: Huh?
Whoa.
May i touch it?
>> Darwin: You may.
>> Gumball: Nice.
>> Darwin: Thanks.
Come on! Put the game on!
>> Gumball: Come on, come on.
[ Gasps ]
Oh, there you are.
There's something wrong with it!
>> Darwin: Try the other way
around!
>> Gumball: [ Grunting ]
>> Darwin: Come on!
Can't you see I'm practically
flipping my flippers?
>> Gumball: What is that
supposed to mean?
>> Darwin: It means put the game
on!
>> Gumball: I can't!
It's not working!
I think we got stiffed.
>> I'm sorry, kids, but it's
store policy.
I can't give you a refund.
>> Gumball: What? You have to!
We asked you a ton of questions
before we bought it, remember?
What's bigger -- a lion or a
tiger?
>> A tiger.
>> Gumball: Why is the sky blue?
>> Diffraction of light through
nitrogen.
>> Darwin: Can anything escape
from a black hole?
>> Not unless it's a superheated
quasar.
>> Gumball: What is 2,352 times
1,035?
>> 2,434,320.
>> Gumball: If you know all this
stuff, how come you're a store
clerk?
>> Look, you want this game or
not?
>> Gumball: We'll take it.
>> Actually, you never asked me
anything about the game.
>> Gumball: Oh. You're right.
But whatever!
You have to give us a refund!
It's been less than 24 hours!
>> Look, guys, if it was up to
me, I'd totally give you a
refund, but the manager won't
allow it.
[ Whir ]
[ Laughs nervously ]
I-I'm sorry, but that's the
way it is.
Thanks for shopping at
Ripley 2000.
>> Gumball: This is not the end
of it, Larry needlemeyer!
Mark my words!
We will get a refund!
Hi, Larry.
Can we have a refund, please?
>> Get out of here!
>> Gumball: Ripley 2000.
More like "rip-off" 2000!
>> Darwin: Why is it 2000,
anyway?
It's not like it's the future
anymore!
[ Telephone buzzes ]
>> Hi.
Yes, Mr. manager.
Uh, no, sir, i certainly didn't
give a refund to those kids.
Yes, i brought your suit to the
dry cleaners and walked your
dogs.
Actually, the big one bit me.
Oh, yes, he can be playful.
This is why i was seven minutes
late.
Oh, yes, Mr. manager, sir, it
was entirely my fault.
It won't happen again, sir.
Have a nice --
[ Click, dial tone ]
>> Gumball: [ Amplified ] This
is the police!
You're surrounded!
Put your hands where i can see
them!
Now put your hands on the cash
register and take out $20!
[ Cash register dings ]
Now come outside and swap it for
this computer game!
>> Hey!
What kind of police are you?
>> Gumball: The...Super-real
police.
The...Refund department...Of
justice!
>> Nice try, kids.
>> Gumball: Darn!
>> Oh, look, kids, I'm not gonna
give you a refund.
>> Gumball: We're not here to
ask for a refund.
We just want you to look at my
new, shiny watch.
>> I, uh, it's kind of hard when
you...Swing...It...Like...That.
>> Darwin: Did it work?
Is he hypnotized?
>> Gumball: Let's test it.
Okay.
You're the world's most amazing
dancer.
[ Ding! ]
[ Classical music plays ]
[ Both laugh ]
>> Gumball: Okay, now...
Now you're an ostrich.
>> Darwin: No, a gorilla!
>> Gumball: A gorilla ostrich!
[ Ding! ]
>> [ Chittering, squawking ]
[ Both laugh ]
>> Darwin: And have roller
skates on!
>> Gumball: And your butt's on
fire!
[ Both laugh ]
[ Crash! ]
>> [ Groaning ]
>> Gumball: And now you're a
store clerk giving us a refund?
>> Sorry.
It's against store policy.
>> Gumball: [ Sighs ]
Now your butt's on fire again.
>> Aaaaaaaaah!
[ Door opens ]
Oh, come on.
I told you -- no refund.
>> Gumball: Oh, no, no, no, no,
no.
We're not going to ask you for a
refund.
We just want two minutes of your
time.
[ Click ]
Every year, hundreds of
children buy faulty computer
games and don't get refunds.
This is Jimmy.
[ Whap! ]
Jimmy really needed a refund,
but the store manager wouldn't
give it to him.
>> Darwin: I don't care that
you're sad, Jimmy.
It's store policy!
>> Gumball: Jimmy's life is now
very bad, and he lives in a
shoe box.
What's that, Jimmy?
Yes, yes, Jimmy.
I know you're sad and lonely.
[ Mid-tempo music plays ]
>> Darwin: ¶ refund the world ¶
¶ refund it sooner ¶
>> gumball: ¶ uphold the rights
that little Jimmy had as a
consumer ¶
>> Darwin: ¶ now he's living in
a box ¶
>> gumball: ¶ he's a victim of
deceit ¶
>> both: ¶ and even though he
still had the receipt ¶
>> [ voice breaking ] Poor
Jimmy.
I-i had no idea it was such a
big problem.
[ Sobs ]
Is there anything i can do?
>> Gumball: Well, you could look
into your heart and...
>> Both: Give us a refund?
>> I'm sorry, but no.
>> Gumball: Well, you leave us
no choice, Larry.
I'm gonna slap myself, and
Darwin's gonna hold his breath
until you do something!
>> Darwin: [ Inhales ]
>> Gumball: Aah! Aah!
This is on you, Larry!
Oh!
You can just stop all this
suffering with just one word!
Aah! Oh!
>> Okay, okay!
Please stop.
Look, maybe i could --
[ Whir ]
[ Chuckles nervously ]
I'm sorry, but "no" means "no."
>> Gumball: [ Groans ]
>> Dad: Hey, kids! What's up?
>> Gumball: We couldn't get a
refund, and now we're really
cheesed off.
>> Dad: Watch your language,
young man!
"Cheese" is not to be invoked in
vain in this house!
But if it's a refund you're
after, you've come to the right
place -- person -- man --
rabbit.
>> Gumball: Really?
Let's go there right now!
>> Dad: Wait.
If you're going to do something,
you got to do it right.
Heh!
[ George thorogood & the
destroyers' "bad to the bone"
plays ]
[ Grunting ]
Now how do i look?
>> Gumball: Actually, you look
like your wedding picture.
>> Dad: Perfect.
Now, hand me that game.
[ "Bad to the bone" continues ]
>> [ Breathing shakily ]
What do you want from me, you
nut burger?!
>> Dad: Oh, you know what we
want.
>> Gumball: We want what's
rightfully ours, and we brought
our dad!
>> Dad: Exactly.
>> For the last time, i can't!
>> Dad: Uhp!
I wish to speak to your manager.
>> But you don't realize -- he's
a vile, cruel beast!
[ Whir ]
Uh, sorry. No refund.
>> Dad: Shhh.
Tch, tch, tch.
Okay.
Here's what's gonna happen.
I'm gonna return this game and
get a refund.
Look.
I'm putting the game on the
counter.
>> B-but --
>> dad: Easy.
Easy, pal.
Now, I'm opening the register.
>> No, no, no!
Sir, sir, sir, i wouldn't do
that if i were you!
>> Dad: Well, lucky for me, I'm
not you.
So now I'm going to take what
you owe us.
See my hand?
Slowly, slowly.
>> Gumball: Wait.
Isn't that, like, stealing?
>> But you don't understand!
You can't take money out of the
register!
You can only put it in!
[ Creak! ]
[ Alarm blaring ]
>> Nooooooo!
We're doomed!
>> Dad: Aah!
What's going on?!
>> He's coming!
>> Dad: Who's coming?!
>> The manager!
>> Dad: Aaaah!
I'm putting it back!
[ Sobbing ] I'm putting it back!
[ Gasps ]
Aaaaaah!
[ Wailing ]
Please! don't hurt me!
It's not even my fault!
It's their fault!
>> Gumball: What?!
When you said you'd get us a
refund, we didn't expect you to
steal from the register!
>> Dad: You know very well i
can't be trusted!
Aaaaah!
[ Whimpers ]
[ Blaring stops ]
[ Laughs ]
Look at you!
I thought you were going to be
some huge dude!
[ Laughs ]
The look on our faces!
Whoa!
I mean, where's the light in
your office?
It must be on the floor in the
back of the room or something!
[ Laughs ]
Phew!
So, can we have our refund now?
>> No refund!
>> Dad: Oh, come on.
We've all had a laugh and a
little fright, but i think it's
time to just give us our money
back, and we'll be on our way.
>> I've had it with you and your
brats trying to mess with my
money!
You think you can steal from me
and laugh in my face?
>> Dad: [ Laughs ]
Oh, you're adorable!
But, seriously, though, you
don't want this to get physical.
You're lucky I'm a pacifist.
>> [ Growls ]
Aah!
>> Dad: Ow.
Ow!
Get him off! Get him off!
Get him off!
>> Gumball: Go, dad!
Whoo-hoo!
Come on, dad!
You got him!
>> Dad: Think he's on my back!
Aaaah!
>> Darwin: Yeah, kick his butt,
dad!
>> Gumball: Come on, dad!
You can take him!
Dad?
>> Dad: Get him off!
Get him off!
Aah! Ow!
>> Darwin: He's not winning, is
he?
>> Gumball: No.
>> Dad: What's wrong with you?
Ow! Ow!
Doesn't really hurt that much.
But ow!
Oh, no!
My beautiful face!
Gumball! Darwin!
Stop this!
>> Gumball: Eh, this is getting
kind of embarrassing.
>> Dad: No!
don't abandon me, please!
Ow!
Aah!
He's biting my neck with his
little teeth, and it tickles!
[ Laughs ]
[ Sobbing ]
>> Gumball: Stop right there,
little man!
>> Darwin: Yeah!
Leave Mr. dad alone!
Otherwise --
>> otherwise what?
>> Gumball: Otherwise, we'll put
the security video online.
What do you think the Internet
will say when it sees you
slapping your customers with
your little hands?
>> That it's pretty funny?
>> Gumball: Yeah, it was pretty
funny.
But you'll probably get a modest
fine and a couple of days of
community service.
>> So?
>> Gumball: So the shop will be
closed.
>> And?
>> Gumball: And you'll lose
money.
>> Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
No need to get excited.
Okay, look, i can't give you a
refund.
It's a matter of principle.
But since i find you quite
pathetic, I'll give you a 1%
discount on this new game
console.
That way, you can play the game
you've already got.
What do you say?
>> Gumball: Hmm.
1%.
So, $700.
That's, like, $7 off!
>> Dad: Now, that's what i call
a bargain!
>> Darwin: Can we have your
credit card, Mr. dad?
>> Dad: Totally.
>> All: Whoo-hoo!
>> Dad: Ugh!
Can't believe i got beat up by a
garden gnome.
>> Gumball: Oh, come on.
It was pretty funny.
>> Darwin: Like when you were
screaming, "no, no, my beautiful
face!"
>> Gumball: And when he was
pounding on you from above and
it looked like a tennis ball
bouncing on a melon.
[ Laughter ]
>> Dad: And thanks to me, we did
get a huge discount on the
console.
>> Darwin: Come on!
Put the game on!
>> Gumball: Yes!
[ Buzzing ]
Dad, he sold us a shredder.
>> Dad: [ Sighs ]
[ Grunting ]
[ "Bad to the bone" plays ]